Stop!
Why?
I can't sleep with you
but others can?
No...
I'm just not sure about this.
You're already hard.
Don't you know your heart?
I just have ED,
but I still
have a dick!
Besides,
anyone would get hard
if you tease like this!
Dr. York,
I respect every
sexual orientation,
but my career
and my family...
won't allow me
to like men.
I came here to
find out what caused it
and get it fixed for good.
If you wanna hook up,
you can use this app.
I don't hook up with just anyone.
Give me three months.
What?
Three months,
and I'll cure you.
I'm the best doctor you can have.
Dr. York,
I admit, you are great,
but... you're into guys...
Are you worried
that I'd harass you when I'm
treating you?
Don't overthink it.
I'm an ethical doctor.
I'd never do anything else
during my work hours.
Or maybe...
you're scared
that you'll fall for me?
That's impossible!
You can cure me?
I'm in.